Add example with metods to docs. (#1947)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/v2alpha1/04-10-apirule-custom-resource.md

- `/anything/{**}`
- `/{**}`

> Understanding the relationship between paths and methods in a rule is crucial to avoid unexpected behavior. For instance, the following APIRule configuration excludes the `POST` and `GET` methods for the path `/anything/one` with `noAuth`. This happens because the rule with the path `/anything/{**}` shares at least one common method (`GET`) with a preceding rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understanding the relationship between paths and methods in a rule is crucial to avoid unexpected behavior. For example, the following APIRule configuration excludes the `POST` and `GET` methods for the path `/anything/one` with `noAuth`. This happens because the rule with the path `/anything/{**}` shares at least one common method (`GET`) with a preceding rule.
```

```yaml
...
rules:
  - methods:
    - GET
    jwt:
      authentications:
        - issuer: https://example.com
          jwksUri: https://example.com/.well-known/jwks.json
    path: /anything/one
  - methods:
    - GET
    - POST
    noAuth: true
    path: /anything/{**}
```

> To get the `POST` method to work on the path `/anything/one`, you need to define separate rules for overlapping methods and paths as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the `POST` method on the path `/anything/one`, you must define separate rules for overlapping methods and paths. See the following example:
```
